Added BucketFS information to README (fixes #46) (#1)
jakobbraun/docker-db: README.md

Please refer to the [offical manual](https://www.exasol.com/portal/display/DOC/Database+User+Manual) for further information.

## Connecting to BucketFS

> The default port of the BucketFS inside of the docker containe is `6583`. You must however expose this port in the docker command so that you can access it from outside of the container. For example by adding `-p 6583:6583` to yor `docker run` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default port of the BucketFS inside of the docker container is `6583`. You must however expose this port in the docker command so that you can access it from outside of the container. For example by adding `-p 6583:6583` to your `docker run` command.
```

> The read- and write-password for the BucketFS are autogenerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read and write passwords for the BucketFS are autogenerated.
```

> You can find them in the EXAConf. It's base64 encoded and can be decoded like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find them in the EXAConf. They are base64-encoded and can be decoded like this:
```

```
$ awk '/WritePasswd/{ print $3; }' EXAConf | base64 -d
```

> Please refer to the [BucketFS manual](https://docs.exasol.com/database_concepts/bucketfs/access_control.htm) for information on how to access files in BucketFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [BucketFS manual](https://docs.exasol.com/database_concepts/bucketfs/access_control.htm) for information on how to access files in the BucketFS.
```
